Utility types (#41246)
elastic/kibana: packages/kbn-utility-types/README.md

# `@kbn/utility-types`

TypeScript utility types for usage in Kibana.

> - This package re-exports everything in [`utility-types`](https://github.com/piotrwitek/utility-types)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This package re-exports a subset of the items in [`utility-types`](https://github.com/piotrwitek/utility-types)
```
